Richard head claimed mother shipton
accurately predicted the Spanish Armada
the Great Plague and the London Fire of
1666 because he was writing about these
events years after the fact scholars
call his technique post diction instead
of prediction prediction of course we're
supposedly making statements about the
future with post diction you're just
going backwards in time and predicting
it after the fact which of course is no
prediction at all but there is a strange
twist to this story even if Richard had
made up the predictions of mother
shipton in the 1600s many of his future
predictions eventually came true in the
end and shall be seen around the world
thoughts will fly and twinkling of an
eye women dress like men and trousers
wear and cut off all their locks of hair
mother shipton
did the hoaxer Richard head somehow tap
into some kind of ocular vision himself
while writing the prophesies or was he
working from an actual prophetic book
which has been lost to history
when an editor such as the man who
edited the prophecies of mother shipton
works on something he usually doesn't
fabricate the whole cloth they are based
on things that were originally oral
tradition prophecies and that's why I
think some of them have come true in
mother ship tins prophecies this era of
global progress will be followed by
something quite different then half the
world deep drenched in blood shall die
we're mother shipton and merlin for
seeing the same doomsday as the Mayans
and the e change something these
prophecies are echoed in the most famous
prophetic work of all time
the Bible
from the mayan calendar to the wizard
Merlin two predictions delivered by the
Internet the year 2012 looms as a
prophetic doomsday but the threat of
Apocalypse also comes from a more
familiar source
the Bible
the Bible's track record for accurate
prophecy is legendary the Prophet
Jeremiah predicted that Jerusalem would
be conquered by Babylon and it was Jesus
predicted Jerusalem would be destroyed
by the Romans and it was the book of
Revelation predicts apocalyptic warfare
in the distant future some say it is
happening now the book of Revelation in
its style in its content in its language
is not greatly different from the
prophecies of other ancient cultures
including the Mayan culture including
the Egyptian culture including the
Native American culture the author of
Revelation had a vision of doom that has
shaken the world to this day his name
was John there's an entire book of
prophecy the book of Revelation and it
is the contents of it are this sort of
dream vision that the Apostle John
receives while in exile on the Isle of
Patmos and the entire book is this
prophecy of a coming apocalypse of the
end of the world the final battle of
good versus evil the book of Revelation
is filled with terrifying and bizarre
images
flying creatures with streaming hair
making the noise of a thousand horses
self-propelled chariots belching flames
he sees diseases that kill one quarter
of the earth John foresees a period of
global warfare centered in the Middle
East he sees the rise of a terrifying
demonic world leader called the
Antichrist the book of Revelation 4 sees
all this as simply a prelude to the end
of the world it's so very very detailed
but it's also so strange that we feel a
need to attach it to stuff that we know
of we're fascinated with the idea of
apocalypse in Revelation we've got some
sort of a blueprint for it and so we
sort of project those fears onto it and
try to figure it out we try to crack the
code but some biblical scholars question
the direct connection between revelation
and today's headlines it's clear John of
Patmos did expect the imminent into the
world and it's been nearly 2,000 years
so I don't think he meant it for our
time I don't give thought it was going
to last that long many biblical scholars
today believe that the book of
Revelation was a coded message but the
codes referred to John's own time
one example can be found in the ominous
number 666 the book of Revelation calls
the number the mark of the beast some
have theorized that 666 is a
numerological code for the Antichrist a
modern demonic world leader we look in
vain for 666 at the present day there is
no 666 at the present day 666 was an
emperor who lived a long time ago the
number 666 may actually be a reference
to the greek name for the Emperor Nero
Nero was a notorious persecutor of
Christians and the numerological
equivalent of Emperor Nero's name adds
up exactly to 666 the story that is told
that has to do with the beast and with
the mark of the beast and so on has to
do not with our day not with the future
but that story has to do with the Roman
period what is happening at that time
with the Emperor's at that time with a
bestiality of that time but believers
say that the descriptions in Revelation
are disturbingly similar to doomsday
prophecies of 2012
Army's the size of modern nation-states
weapons unimaginable in ancient times
deadly plagues only discovered recently
our Bible teaches us one day it's all
going to end in fire and brimstone and
so we are trained we are taught as a
culture to look for the imminent end if
jon was referring to a series of
catastrophes in the modern era he was
not alone centuries later and on the
other side of the world Native American
Oracle's would predict a similar
countdown to doomsday
in the 1890s a Lakota Sioux shaman named
Black Elk had a series of apocalyptic
dreams Black Elk had certain visions in
which he seemed to think that his people
were going to kind of suffer a certain
kind of defeat his visions brought about
an indian movement called The Ghost
Dance a ritual that they thought would
restore the Indian nation to its glory
instead the army mistook the sacred
dance as an Indian uprising the United
States Army sent out troops to to crush
out the the Sioux ghost dancers
precisely because they represented such
a spooky threat blah